What kind of person would dare to talk to you like that?
Quickly apologize to this gentleman
Otherwise, it will not be easy for the Dong family
Sorry sir
What do you want the police to do if apology is useful?
Xiao Zizhi is in a hurry
I heard that Mr. can cure
Can you please help me?
I can indeed cure your daughter's illness
But I just let you know that I can cure
I won't treat you
What to do why
Because of my mom
equals points
What!
Your mother is Yufen
So your father is Chu Jiangdong
Thank you for remembering my dad's name
It's your grandfather who has regretted it all these years
I'm not sure I'll regret it to your parents
Your Dong family killed my father
Regret helps.
Your dad is dead and pretending to be stupid
I saw with my own eyes that Dong Beidou led someone to kill my father
Impossible. How could the Dong family kill your father?
OK
Get out of here with your daughter
And tell you General Dong
You have entered the countdown to death
Understood, at this time Ding Mu begged me to go back and ask
Your mother hurts, I want to see him get out